But did the president of Paris Saint Germain make such a prediction about the football world three years ago?
When Manchester City expressed interest in signing Bryce mattetti in 2014, Nasser al helefe issued a severe warning to any club that wanted to sign Paris Saint Germain's best player.
"I'm not worried, because they know that if they contact any of our players, we will fight them head-on, and we will also contact their players," Al helefi said.
"We respect all clubs.
But if they try to sign our players, they will eat the consequences. "
Earlier this summer, the Spanish club seemed to have crossed the line, and Barcelona threw an olive branch at Paris Saint Germain midfielder Marco villatti.
Paris Saint Germain made it clear that they would not allow the Italian international to leave under any circumstances, and Barcelona is likely to be affected by the loss of Neymar, a genius in the team.
The International Symposium on new energy development and technology jointly hosted by the State Grid Corporation of China and the International Electrotechnical Commission was held in Frankfurt, Germany.
At present, accelerating the development of new energy and promoting the transformation of clean and low-carbon energy has become a global trend.
The large-scale development and utilization of new energy, as well as system security issues, long-distance transmission issues, technical and economic issues and many other problems and challenges need to be faced and solved.
Shu Yinbiao, chairman of the State Grid Corporation of China, revealed that the State Grid Corporation of China is planning to expand the scale of synchronous power grids, strengthen the interconnection of existing regional power grids, and increase the trans regional transmission capacity to about 300million kW by 2020.
News on January 3: the reporter learned from the Guangzhou flower market office yesterday that the 2008 Spring Festival flower market will start bidding recently.
Huadu District carried out bidding for orange and flower spots on the 29th and 30th of last month.
Yuexiu District Archives is organizing and collecting hundreds of old photos of the historic winter jasmine flower market (taken 50 or 60 years ago). A public exhibition will be held in Yuexiu District Culture and Art Center on January 8, 2008. When the flower market starts to be built at the end of January, these old photos will be moved to guangbai square on Beijing Road for exhibition.
In addition, Yuexiu District Bureau of culture will also hold a flower market forum to invite old leaders, social folklore experts, celebrities and old neighborhoods of Beijing Road in Guangzhou to talk about the history and future development of the flower market on Xihu Road, Beijing road.
At that time, the flower market forum will contact the online media for online live broadcast and interact with citizens synchronously.
In addition, an online flower market has been opened, and the information network of the community is used to send short messages about the flower market to citizens who enter the Beijing Road business district and the West Lake Road flower market to visit and shop, and they can use their mobile phones to surf the Internet to browse the "online flower market".
"Made in Sichuan" new energy vehicles bucked the trend and rose. The strength of financial subsidies was weakened, the popularity of charging facilities was not high, and ternary lithium batteries were suspended from being used on new energy buses, facing the current upward pressure of the domestic new energy vehicle market
From November 3 to 6, in the first stage exhibition of the 16th Western China International Expo (hereinafter referred to as "wcif"), six cities and prefectures including Chengdu, Nanchong and Ya'an showed their development achievements in advanced manufacturing industry, among which new energy vehicles emerged and new products emerged, attracting widespread attention in the industry.
At present, with the weakening of financial subsidies for new energy vehicles, the low popularity of charging facilities, and the suspension of ternary lithium batteries on new energy buses, there is temporary upward pressure on the domestic new energy vehicle market.
However, the "made in Sichuan" new energy vehicles have bucked the trend and entered the passenger vehicle and commercial vehicle segment on a large scale. What is the confidence?
Current situation of our reporter Zhao Zeyu: focus on cultivating "top students". Recently, the news of "made in Sichuan" new energy vehicle industry continues.
Less than eight months after the acquisition of Dongfeng Nanchong Automobile Co., Ltd., on October 26, Geely Holding Group (hereinafter referred to as "Geely Group") launched its new commercial vehicle brand "remote" in Chengdu, and its first pure electric light truck remote E200 equipped with an intelligent vehicle networking platform made its debut at the Western Conference.
Xinhua news agency, London, January 9 (reporter Wang Zijiang) - the British Sports Council announced on the 9th its goal of participating in the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in South Korea next month: to win at least five medals, which is the "most ambitious" goal in the history of the British delegation participating in the Winter Olympics.
The British Sports Council is responsible for the allocation of funds for each Olympic project, and of course, is also responsible for issuing medal winning goals for each project.
It is estimated that British athletes are expected to compete for medals in snowboarding, curling, steel snowmobile and short track speed skating.
In the past winter Olympics cycle, the British Sports Council allocated a total of 32million pounds (about 280million yuan) of training funds for the Winter Olympics, doubling the Sochi Winter Olympics cycle.
Most of the money comes from the national lottery, and the rest comes from the national finance.
Britain's hopes of winning gold are mainly pinned on two people, one is Alice Christie, the three gold medalist of last year's World Short Track Speed Skating Championships, and the other is Liz Arnold, the last women's steel frame snowmobile champion.
In the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics, the British delegation achieved a record of one gold, one silver and two bronze, which is their best record since the first winter Olympics in 1924.