But did the Paris Saint-Germain president make such a prediction for the football world three years ago?
When Manchester City expressed interest in signing Blaise Mattedi in 2014, Nasser Al-Khelaifi issued a stern warning to any club looking to sign Paris Saint-Germain's best player.
"I'm not worried because they know that if they touch any of our players, we're bound to go head-to-head with them and we'll touch their players," Al-Khelefi said.
"We respect all clubs.
But if they try to sign our players, they will suffer the consequences. "
The Spanish club appeared to have crossed the line earlier this summer, with Barcelona throwing an olive branch to Paris Saint-Germain midfielder Marco Verratti.
Paris Saint-Germain have made it clear that they will not allow the Italy international to leave in any case, while Barcelona are likely to suffer from the loss of talented Neymar.
Our reporter Wang Yichen reported: The International Symposium on New Energy Development and Technology, jointly sponsored by State Grid Corporation of China and the International Electrotechnical Commission, was held in Frankfurt, Germany.
At present, it has become a global trend to accelerate the development of new energy and promote the transformation of clean and low-carbon energy.
In the large-scale development and utilization of new energy, there are still many problems and challenges that need to be faced and solved, such as system security issues, long-distance transmission issues, and technical and economic issues.
State Grid Corporation Chairman Shu Yinbiao revealed that State Grid Corporation is planning to expand the scale of the synchronous power grid, strengthen the interconnection of existing regional power grids, and increase the cross-regional power transmission capacity to about 300 million kilowatts by 2020.
News on January 3: The reporter learned from the Guangzhou Flower Market Office yesterday that the 2008 Spring Festival Flower Market will start bidding in the near future.
Huadu District conducted bidding for orange and flower positions on the 29th and 30th of last month.
The Yuexiu District Archives is organizing and collecting hundreds of old photos of the historic Spring Festival Flower Market (taken for 50 or 60 years ago), which is scheduled to be publicized on January 8, 2008 at the Yuexiu District Cultural and Art Center. For the exhibition, when the flower market begins to build at the end of January, these old photos will be moved to Guangbai Square on Beijing Road for exhibition.
In addition, the Cultural Bureau of Yuexiu District will also hold a flower market forum, inviting senior leaders of Guangzhou, social folklore experts, celebrities, and old neighbors of Beijing Road to talk about the history and future development of the flower market on Beijing Road and Xihu Road.
At that time, the Flower Market Forum will contact the online media to conduct live online broadcasts and interact with the public synchronously.
In addition, an online flower market has also been opened, using the community information network to send short messages about the flower market to citizens who enter the Beijing Road business district and Xihu Road flower market to visit and shop, and can use mobile phones to surf the Internet to browse the "online flower market".
"Made in Sichuan" new energy vehicles bucked the trend and the financial subsidies have weakened, the penetration rate of charging facilities is not high, and the use of ternary lithium batteries in new energy buses has been suspended. Facing the current upward pressure on the domestic new energy vehicle market
From November 3rd to 6th, in the first stage exhibition of the 16th Western China International Expo (hereinafter referred to as "Western Expo"), 6 cities and states including Chengdu, Nanchong and Ya'an displayed their advanced manufacturing technologies. The development achievements, among which new energy vehicles are emerging and new products emerge one after another, have attracted widespread attention in the industry.
At present, with the weakening of financial subsidies for new energy vehicles, the low penetration rate of charging facilities, and the suspension of the use of ternary lithium batteries in new energy buses, the domestic new energy vehicle market is experiencing temporary upward pressure.
However, "Sichuan-made" new energy vehicles have bucked the trend and entered the passenger vehicle and commercial vehicle market segments aggressively. What is the confidence?
Our reporter Zhao Zeyu's status quo: Concentrating on cultivating "top students" Recently, news of the "Made in Sichuan" new energy vehicle industry has continued.
Less than 8 months after the completion of the acquisition of Dongfeng Nanchong Automobile Co., Ltd., on October 26, Geely Holding Group (hereinafter referred to as "Geely Group"), a new commercial vehicle brand "Xuanyuan" was launched in Chengdu, and its first vehicle equipped with intelligent The pure electric light truck long-range E200 of the Internet of Vehicles platform debuted at the West Expo.
Xinhua News Agency, London, January 9 (Reporter Wang Zijiang) The British Sports Council announced on the 9th the goal of participating in the PyeongChang Winter Olympics in South Korea next month: to win at least 5 medals, which is the history of the British delegation participating in the Winter Olympics on the "biggest" goal.
The British Sports Council is responsible for the allocation of funds for each Olympic project, and of course, it is also responsible for setting the goal of winning the medal for each project.
It is estimated that British athletes have the hope of hitting the medals from snowboarding, curling, bobsleigh and short track speed skating.
In the past Winter Olympics cycle, the British Sports Council allocated a total of 32 million pounds (about 280 million yuan) of training funds for the Winter Olympics, double the cycle of the Sochi Winter Olympics.
Most of the money comes from the state lottery, and the rest comes from the state treasury.
Britain's hopes of winning gold are mainly pinned on two people, one is Alice Christie, the triple gold medalist at the World Short Track Speed ​​Skating Championships last year, and the other is the last women's bobsleigh champion Liz Arnold.
In the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics, the British delegation achieved a record of 1 gold, 1 silver and 2 bronze, which is the best record they have achieved since the first Winter Olympics in 1924.