But was the football world warned of this prospect three years ago by the PSG president?
When Manchester City expressed an interest in signing Blaise Matuidi in 2014, Nasser Al-Khelaifi had a stern warning for any club looking to sign one of PSG's best players.
"I am not worried because they know that if they touch one of our players, then we will be in opposition to them, we'll contact their players," Al-Khelaifi said.
"We respect all clubs.
But if they try to sign one of our players, they'll face consequences."
Barcelona appear to have crossed this line, with the Spanish club expressing an interesting in PSG midfielder Marco Verratti earlier this summer.
PSG made it clear that they would not allow the Italy international to leave under any circumstances, and Barcelona could well be feeling the repercussions of that interest by losing one of their prize assets in Neymar.
By staff reporter Wang Yichen: The International Conference on Renewable Energy Development and Technology jointly organized by State Grid Corporation of China (SGCC) and the International Electrotechnical Commission was held in Frankfurt, Germany recently.
At present, accelerating the development of renewable energy, and advancing transformation toward clean and low-carbon energy have become a global trend.
However, large-scale development and use of renewable energy continued to be assailed by system security, long-distance delivery, technology economic and other issues and challenges that need to be confronted and resolved.
SGCC Chairman Shu Yinbiao revealed that the company was in the process of planning to expand the size of the synchronous power grid so as to strengthen the existing regional power grid interconnection. By 2020, inter-regional power transmission capacity will increase to about 300 million kW.
January 3 news: Reporters learned from the Guangzhou Flower Market Office yesterday that the Spring Festival flower market will begin receiving bids for the 2008 Spring Festival flower market soon.
Huadu District held tenders for the tangerine and flower booths on the 29th and 30th last month, respectively.
Guangzhou Yuexiu Archives Bureau is organizing and collecting hundreds of historic old photos of Spring Festival flower markets (photographed some 50 to 60 years ago), and will publicly exhibit them at the Yuexiu Culture Artistic Center on January 8, 2008. When the flower markets are being constructed at the end of January, the exhibition of these old photos will be moved to Grandbuy Department Store at Beijing Road.
Elsewhere, the Cultural Bureau of Yuexiu District will also hold a flower market forum, and will invite old Guangzhou leaders, folklore experts, celebrities, old residents of Beijing Road and others to come together to talk about the history and future development of Beijing Road and West Lake Road flower markets.
The flower market forum will contact Internet media to carry out online broadcast, and will conduct live interaction with residents.
In addition, online flower markets will be made accessible. By using the information networks of housing estates, brief introductions and messages about the flower markets will be sent to residents who intend to visit and shop at the Beijing Road business district and West Lake Road flower market. Residents may browse the “online flower markets” on their mobile phones.
“Made in Sichuan” renewable energy vehicles rose against the tide. Weakening fiscal subsidies, inadequate charging facilities, and ternary lithium batteries suspended from use in renewable energy passenger vehicles; in the face of prevailing upward pressures in the domestic renewable energy automobile market
In the Phase I exhibition of the 16th Western China International Fair (hereinafter referred to as “WCIF”), which was held between November 3 and 6, six cities and prefectures including Chengdu, Nanchong and Ya’an, exhibited their development achievements in the advanced manufacturing sector. Renewable energy vehicles shone in particular, with the launch of various new vehicles, attracting widespread attention in the industry.
At present, the domestic renewable energy automobile market is temporarily under pressure because of weakening fiscal subsidies, inadequate charging facilities, and ternary lithium batteries being suspended from use in renewable energy passenger vehicles.
However, “Made in Sichuan” renewable energy vehicles rose against the tide, and have made major forays into the passenger and commercial vehicle sub-markets. Why so confident?
Staff reporter Zhao Zeyu. Current situation: Focus on developing “top students” “Made In Sichuan” renewable energy vehicles have dominated the news lately.
Less than eight months after acquiring Dongfeng Nanchong Automobile Co., Ltd., Geely Holding Group’s (hereinafter referred to “Geely Group”) brand new commercial vehicle brand “Yuan Cheng” made its debut on October 26. Yuan Cheng E200, Geely Group's first pure electric light truck equipped with a smart auto networking platform premiered at WCIF.
Xinhua News Agency London January 9 wire (Reporter Wang Zijiang) On the 9th, UK Sport announced Great Britain’s target for next month’s Winter Olympics to be held in PyeongChang, South Korea: Win at least five medals. This would Team GB’s “best ever” target in the history of the Winter Olympics.
UK Sport is responsible for allocating funds to the various Olympic events, and for setting the medal targets for each event.
It is predicted that events UK athletes have hopes of winning a medal are snowboarding, curling, skeleton and short track speed skating.
In the last Winter Olympic cycle, UK Sport has allocated a total of GBP32 million (approximately RMB280 million) to fund training for the Winter Olympic Game events, doubled that of the funding for the Sochi Winter Olympic cycle.
Most of the funding was sourced from the National Lottery, with the balance funded by the government.
The UK has pinned its hopes for the gold medal on two people - short track speed skater Elise Christie, a triple gold medalist at last year’s world championships, and Lizzy Yarnold, the previous skeleton Olympic champion.
At the Sochi Winter Olympics in 2014, Team GB won one gold, one silver and two bronzes, the best tally since the inaugural Winter Olympics in 1924.