But did the president of Paris Saint-Germain make such a prediction to the football world three years ago?
When Manchester City expressed its interest in signing Bryce Mattedi in 2014, Nasser Arkhelay Fei issued a stern warning to any club that wanted to sign the best player of Paris Saint-Germain.
"I'm not worried, because they know that if they contact any of our players, we will confront them, and we will contact their players," Arkhelay said.
"We respect all clubs.
But if they try to sign our players, they will suffer the consequences. "
Earlier this summer, the Spanish club seemed to cross the line, and Barcelona offered an olive branch to Paris Saint-Germain midfielder marco verratti.
Paris Saint-Germain made it clear that they would never allow the Italian international to leave, and Barcelona would probably be affected by the loss of talented Neymar.
Our reporter Wang Yichen reports that an international symposium on new energy development and technology jointly sponsored by State Grid Corporation of China and International Electrotechnical Commission was held in Frankfurt, Germany a few days ago.
At present, it has become a global trend to accelerate the development of new energy and promote the clean and low-carbon transformation of energy.
However, the large-scale development and utilization of new energy, as well as many problems and challenges, such as system security, long-distance transportation and technical economy, need to be faced and solved.
Shu Yinbiao, chairman of State Grid Corporation, revealed that State Grid Corporation is planning to expand the scale of synchronous power grid, strengthen the interconnection of existing regional power grids, and increase the trans-regional transmission capacity to about 300 million kilowatts by 2020.
January 3rd news: The reporter learned from Guangzhou Flower Market Office yesterday that the winter jasmine market in 2008 will start bidding in the near future.
Huadu District conducted the bidding for the orange spot and the flower spot on the 29th and 30th of last month respectively.
Yuexiu District Archives is organizing and collecting hundreds of old photos of the historic winter jasmine city (taken 50 or 60 years ago), which will be exhibited in Yuexiu District Cultural and Art Center on January 8, 2008. When the flower market starts to be built at the end of January, these old photos will be moved to Guangbai Little Square, Beijing Road for exhibition.
In addition, Yuexiu District Cultural Bureau will also hold a flower market forum, inviting the old leaders of Guangzhou, social folk experts, celebrities, and the old streets of Beijing Road to talk about the history and future development of the flower market in Xihu Road, Beijing Road.
At that time, the Flower Market Forum will contact the online media for online live broadcast and interact with the public simultaneously.
In addition, an online flower market has been set up, and the community information network is used to send short messages about the flower market to the citizens who enter Beijing Road shopping district and Xihu Road flower market, and they can browse the "online flower market" by using their mobile phones.
"Sichuan-made" new energy vehicles are facing the upward pressure of the domestic new energy vehicle market due to the weakening of financial subsidies, low penetration rate of charging facilities, and suspension of the use of ternary lithium batteries on new energy buses.
From November 3rd to 6th, in the first stage exhibition of the 16th West China International Expo (hereinafter referred to as the "West Expo"), Chengdu, Nanchong, Ya 'an and other six cities and states showed their development achievements in advanced manufacturing industry, among which new energy vehicles showed their edge and new products emerged one after another, which attracted wide attention of the industry.
At present, with the weakening of financial subsidies for new energy vehicles, the low penetration rate of charging facilities and the suspension of the use of ternary lithium batteries on new energy buses, the domestic new energy vehicle market is experiencing temporary upward pressure.
However, the "Sichuan-made" new energy vehicles have gone up against the trend and entered the passenger car and commercial vehicle market segment in a big way. What is the confidence?
Current situation of our reporter Zhao Zeyu: Concentrate on cultivating "top students". Recently, the news of "made in Sichuan" new energy automobile industry has been continuous.
Less than eight months after the acquisition of Dongfeng Nanchong Automobile Co., Ltd., on October 26th, the brand-new commercial vehicle brand "Remote" under Geely Holding Group (hereinafter referred to as "Geely Group") was launched in Chengdu, and its first pure electric light truck remote E200 equipped with intelligent vehicle networking platform made its debut at the West Expo.
Xinhua News Agency, London, January 9 (Reporter Wang Zijiang) The British Sports Council announced on the 9th the goal of participating in the PyeongChang Winter Olympics next month: to win at least five medals, which is the "most magnificent" goal of the British delegation in the history of participating in the Winter Olympics.
The British Sports Council is responsible for the allocation of funds for each Olympic Games, and of course, it is also responsible for setting the medal winning targets for each Olympic Games.
According to the calculation, the events that British athletes hope to impact medals come from snowboarding, curling, steel snowmobile and short track speed skating.
In the past Winter Olympics cycle, the British Sports Council allocated a total of 32 million pounds (about 280 million yuan) of training funds for the Winter Olympics, and the cycle of Bisucci Winter Olympics doubled.
Most of the money comes from the national lottery, and the rest comes from the national finance.
Britain's hope of winning gold is mainly pinned on two people, one is Alice Christie, the third gold winner of last year's World Short Track Speed Skating Championships, and the other is Liz Arnold, the last women's steel frame snowmobile champion.
In the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics, the British delegation won 1 gold, 1 silver and 2 bronze medals, which is the best record they have achieved since the first Winter Olympics in 1924.